Clarify the stability of cw-storage-plus, no longer Experimental (#676)
CosmWasm/cw-plus: packages/storage-plus/README.md

# CW-Storage-Plus: Enhanced storage engines for CosmWasm

After building `cosmwasm-storage`, we realized many of the design decisions were
limiting us and producing a lot of needless boilerplate. The decision was made to leave
those APIs stable for anyone wanting a very basic abstraction on the KV-store and to
build a much more powerful and complex ORM layer that can provide powerful accessors
using complex key types, which are transparently turned into bytes.

This led to a number of breaking API changes in this package of the course of several
releases as we updated this with lots of experience, user feedback, and deep dives to harness
the full power of generics.

**Status: beta**

As of `cw-storage-plus` `v0.12` the API should be quite stable.
There are no major API breaking issues pending, and all API changes will be documented
in [`MIGRATING.md`](../../MIGRATING.md).

This has been heavily used in many production-quality contracts.
The code has demonstrated itself to be stable and powerful.

> It has not been audited, and Confio assumes no liability, butwe consider it mature enough

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It has not been audited, and Confio assumes no liability, but we consider it mature enough
```

Author: I would consider anything beta until it is 1.0.
No longer alpha or experimental though.

> to be the standard storage layer for your contracts.

Reviewer 2: I would highlight this in bold:
```suggestion
to be the **standard storage layer** for your contracts.
```
